DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Trust me!\"
ALICE: What can I get for you today?
I'll have a liver kabob!
Sounds good! I'll have the same!
Excellent choice!
Okay that's more two liver kabobs coming right up!
Is something wrong Runo?
Uh? Oh no, I'm good!
[laughter]
Yo!
Could I get a glass of prune juice over here?
Yeah! Sure!
THINKING: I wonder what's gotten into Runo?
She's been watching me all day.
DAN: Step right up!
Come see the legend for yourself!
Today could be your lucky day!
Come play against one of the great Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Now who wants to take me on?
For a small fee you can battle the best!
A chance like this only comes along once in a lifetime!
You know our motto, \"we do battle anytime, anywhere!\"
Now...
Don't be shy I know you wanna play!
Oh no the tunes!
Hey! Come on! We love a good challenge!
Hi there little boy!
I'm looking for a big strong Bakugan player to roll with
and you look like just my type!
I don't know?
Kid! How about me!
I bet you and I could have a great brawl!
[crying]
Wait come back!
Boy, talk about sensitive.
So....?
[all screaming]
What is wrong with kids today,
don't they like to have fun anymore!
DRAGO: I think Dan really needs
to work on his sales pitch!
You said it Drago!
Yes-sir-ee!
Shun?
Those kids wouldn't like him either.
No look...It's Shun right over there.
DAN: Where? I don't see anybody?
What?
No I just saw him!
But there's no way you could have...Julie we dropped him off
at his dojo remember?
And if he was in the area I'm sure he would contact us.
I'm soooo hungry.
Hey! Let's go eat!
We can try this again later.
Come on Marucho.
THINKING: But I really did see Shun...
I know I did!
Yo!
Do you think you guys could make me something to eat?
Oh hi Dan... What do you want?
Everything's been put away!
We closed an hour ago!
Can't you go somewhere else?
Hey, where's Marucho and Julie?
Marucho said he had to go home
and check something on his computer
and Julie decided to go with him...
I think they're afraid to eat here
'cause your food gives them gas!
That's impossible we only use organic ingredients!
Yeah sure whatever, I just wanna get something in my gut!
So, could ya feed me please?
You know Dan will eat anything.
Watch this!
Okay gimme a minute...
Oh...uh, let me help Runo.
That's all right.
You stay here with Dan.
Runo?
Hey? What's up? What is with her?
Ah Dan...
Now I know it's true, Runo suspects me.
Suspects?
Oh!
She thinks you're Masquerade's spy?
All day long she was watching everything I did
and everywhere I went.
She doesn't trust me anymore.
And it's all because my grandfather
happens to be Hal-G!
This oughtta fill you up.
It's made from all leftovers at the back of the fridge.
Great. Thanks a lot!
Oh that reminds me.
I almost forgot!
I have to go pick up some groceries!
I'll be back real soon! Bye!
MOUTH FULL: So why're you so suspicious of Alice?
Oh you noticed huh?
Uh?
Oh, uh, well, yeah.
Okay to be honest I do think something is up with her.
I mean, Alice doesn't have her own Bakugan,
and she doesn't battle.
What's up with that?
So how come someone like her is even on our team?
Okay I'll bite!
It's simple...
She wants to stay close to us so she can get our Bakugans!
All she does is watch our moves.
Then she reports them back to Masquerade?
Our Alice?
She wouldn't do that.
Huh? No way!
You think Shun works for Masquerade?
That was definitely Shun I saw today!
He was probably wondering what we were doing in the park!
He didn't think anyone would see him but I did!
Come on think about it Marucho,
Shun's always gone off on his own hasn't he?
That's because when he's by himself,
no one knows for sure where he is or what he's doing.
Yeah you're right but I'm not convinced!
If that were true
then Dan would certainly have something to say about it!
Dan doesn't even suspect Shun!
He's been so busy pumping up the Brawlers that he doesn't
even know what's going on right in front of him
so I'll have to show him!
You go girl! Go get 'em!
You know Shun could be in this house right now
watching everything we do!
But I won't let him get away with it!
Marucho, I'm gonna go get some proof
you wait here till I get back!
Come on Gorem!
Wait Julie!
Hmmm...
Julie's plan has disaster written all over it!
Whatta ya gonna do?
If there is a spy in the Brawlers,
the only way to find out who it might be
is to approach this problem logically.
I'm going to check our website's history
and see if there are any unusual patterns of activity!
Look out Shun here I come!
I know you're around here somewhere
and I'll check every room in this house if I have too!
Ah ha!
Oops!
Bad place to start...
Now I gotcha!
Ha!
Woohoo!
Come on in Miss Julie!
These waves are indeed gnarly!
Ha!
[Moo]
It's no use!
This house is too big
and if Shun's hiding in here
I'll never find him!
Here's your order Alice...
Everything should be there.
Oh thank you very much.
Dan if the spy is one of us who do you think it is?
Well if I had to take a guess...
I suppose Alice is probably the one
who could contact Masquerade easiest.
She's got the connections
what with her grandfather being Hal-G and all...
Oh no!
Dan thinks I'm a spy and he doesn't trust me anymore.
Hey uh!
Runo don't get me wrong!
I doubt Alice is working with Masquerade but if anyone
has some inside info on who's spying on us I bet Alice does.
Hey Brawlers!
Are you two up for a challenge?
Oh yeah sure...
Anytime!
Long time no see!
We haven't seen you around much since your ranking went up,
do you think you're better than us?
Yeah what's up with you Dan?
Huh? Not these two!
At last I finally found you, Shun!
Who's that?
Why would Shun
be meeting a strange old man like that here?
Oh, that must be Hal-G
and they've come to exchange secrets!
Shuji and Akira...
Oh no... Man...
I can't battle you guys today, things are way too mixed up
in my world right now.
Sorry, but maybe next time.
What? You bailin' on us?
Humph!
I heard you say you'd battle anyone, anywhere, anytime Dan!
Huh? Who said that?
I think you owe Shuji and Akira here a battle Dan!
Or are you gonna run away because you're too scared!
He's chicken!
He wants to go home!
Nene? You know them?
Of course!
I taught them everything they know!
They're my brothers!
Well, are we battling or not?
I'm ready to brawl!
Oh my, you can see the whole city from up here!
THINKING: I wonder what Hal-G is looking at?
Ah! So that's it!
I knew Shun was up to no good
but I didn't think he'd be so bold to meet Hal-G
out in the open like this!
And now they're trying to find a way into Marucho's house!
I'll stop them before they carry out their evil plan!
I feel like I'm on top of the world!
You won't get away with this Hal-G!
Wha? Who are you?
And that's one for the good guys!
Julie?
Shun!
I know what you're up to
but I'm going to end it here and now!
Come on let's battle!
Battle?
Field open!
Let's do it!
I'll take all three of you on at once if you want!
Three of them?
I think you're gonna need my help!
That's more like it!
ALL: Field open!
Alice?
What are you doing here?
Listen...
It's not me!
The spy...I'm not the one you're looking for!
You gotta believe me!
Alice, I know... you heard us.
You heard us?
If I have to battle to make you believe me I will!
I'm proud to be one of the Battle Brawlers!
Honest! I really am!
I want you guys to trust me!
But, how are you going to battle,
you don't even have a Bakugan?
I'm not sure...
Don't worry, leave that up to me Alice.
Come on what's the hold up?
Let's do this!
ALL: Gate card set!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
BAKUPOD: The Bakugan battle field is now open!
DAN: We're ready when you are!
We're always ready!
Hey Nene whatta ya think?
Shoot Subterra Centipoid at Pyrus Siege!
Then drag Shuji's Darkus Gargonoid into the battle
with an ability card!
Sounds good!
Bakugan brawl!
Subterra Centipoid stand!
Ability card activate!
Attractor!
Not two at once!
Then we'll do the same!
Ability card activate!
Cut In Saber!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan Tigrerra has entered the field.
You think you're gonna get away with that?
We already have!
Gate card open!
All right!
Let's keep rolling!
Haos Tuskor stand!
Oh yeah I can do better than that!
Ventus Ravenoid stand!
Ability card activate!
Blow Away!
Gate Card open!
Energy Merge!
BAKUPOD: Ventus Ravenoid at 470 G's!
[roar]
Huh? What happened?
Yeah!
Nice work Nene!
Yeah Nene you really showed them!
That was a clever move
combining an air strike with a trap card!
Yeah that kid's pretty good.
All right!
My next move will put them in their place!
Bakugan Brawl!
Dan! Runo!
Shun! You no good double-crosser!
What are you doing hanging around with Hal-G!
What? Hal-G?
Don't play dumb!
I saw you and that old man trying to look
into Marucho's house!
This girl needs help.
It's your move!
Oh no!
I'm surrounded!
Now it's time for the big attack!
Ravenoid stand!
Gate card open!
BAKUPOD: Griffon power level increase to 420 G's!
Ability card activate!
Combine the power of the hexagonal magic circle!
No way!
It's called the Triple Node!
BAKUPOD: Combined power level increase detected
and transferred to the Bakugan Ravenoid.
I wonder where she learned that trick?
I've never even seen the Triple Node used before.
What should we do?
THINKING: This shouldn't be happening.
Shuji and Akira wouldn't be so tough to beat if they
didn't have Nene to make all their plays for them...
We need a new strategy!
Okay...
We'll have to counter attack with our own Triple Node
of Pyrus, Aquos and Haos!
All right...Then I'll let you shoot the Water Attribute!
What? I'm Pyrus Dan!
I'm a Fire Battler!
You know that!
Who cares!
If you don't do it we can't do the Triple Node!
THINKING: I'm going to have to do something about this!
Dan and Runo aren't thinking straight!
This is you Shun!
You big cheater!
You made a big mistake when you decided
to work for Masquerade!
You almost got away with it
BUT now I'm gonna make you pay!
She's definitely a Brawler at heart!
I like her style!
Do you?
Well maybe we should battle her!
Bakugan brawl!
Skyress stand!
I knew you'd show your dark side eventually.
Now it's lights out for you!
Wait!
You're confused,
that old man you saw with Shun
was actually his grandfather.
It wasn't Hal-G!
Time for the big finish!
The only Bakugan we have left are Drago and Tigrerra.
I never thought they'd get this far either Dan.
Ha!
It's your turn!
Let's go!
The next card I use will be the most important card of all.
Got it!
Let's take out as many of their Bakugan as we can!
It's up to you Tigrerra!
Wait Runo!
I can't!
What is it Alice?
They're setting a trap for you Runo!
I think you should shoot your Bakugan on an empty card.
But that's just like running away!
It's not!
Haos Bakugan are strong.
It's just dangerous to go onto a card
when you know there's going to be a trap!
Tigrerra's tough she'll make out all right!
I don't need your advice Alice!
Uh... Runo?
Bakugan brawl!
No Runo!
Tigrerra stand!
Good she fell for it!
Gate card open!
Triple Battle!
Go on shoot your second Bakugan now Akira!
Bakugan brawl!
Centipoid stand!
You're cornered!
There's nothing I can do to help you now Runo,
it looks like you're on your own!
Fine!
Don't worry about it.
I suspected they might try and come at me
with two of their Bakugan again...
If my plan works I can get both of them at once!
I just have to use the right ability card!
Runo! Use the Haos Freeze card!
Why?
Trust me Alice I know what I'm doing
and the Lightning Tornado card will do the job!
No it won't!
Nene's been calling out their plays and she's used
a hat trick of attacks as her pattern!
You can't win with the Lightning Tornado card!
Runo...
Please this time you have to trust me!
Akira...
Activate your ability card.
Sure thing, I'll use the Attractor card again
and get Shuji's Darkus Scorpion in the game
and then this battle will be ours!
With the Haos Freeze ability card you can bring any battle
to a stand still.
And while time has stopped you can add
any other Bakugan you want to the game!
She's right!
I can put Drago in!
Runo!
But Dan?
We can't be sure they're going to add a third Bakugan!
Come on!
This is no time to second guess yourself!
We're just going to have to trust Alice this time!
But Dan...
I don't think she knows what she's talking about...
How could she?
She's never even been in a battle before!
Yes I have.
I've been right by your side in all of your battles.
And whatever battles we face in the future
I'll be there too.
When we face Masquerade
I want to be there to protect the Bakugan!
We have to stay strong if we're going to save Vestroia!
And together we can do it!
Trust me Runo!
Please.
I have to win this battle on my own Alice.
That means I have to throw down the cards
that I think'll work!
Understand?
Yeah... This card'll take 'em down!
-Hey Runo! -Look!
This is the one!
Ability card activate!
Attractor!
RUNO: Haos Freeze!
What is that?
Runo!
All right!
Go, Drago!
Okay!
Delta Dragonoid!
BAKUPOD: Drago and Tigrerra
combined power levels 900 G's!
[roar]
How did they get so powerful?
Aw, we lost.
Hey Alice was right!
Good move Runo!
Thanks Dan...
I can always trust Tigrerra, she never lets me down...
That goes for all my friends!
Alice...
I just want to say I'm sorry for not trusting you.
No, no...
It's okay...
You made the right choice in the end
and that's all that matters.
Thanks a lot for being there for me!
Sure.
I guess we can scratch Alice off our list
of potential spies!
But when we do find out who's spying on us and we will!
I'm going to make sure they never get near the Brawlers
ever again!
Hey!
We want a rematch right now!
Yeah we were just getting warmed up!
Sure why not!
You ready Runo? Alice?
Bakugan brawl!
I knew it!
Do you see it Preyas!
I see it but what does it mean?
Someone got into the chat room.
They hacked their way in...
And it looks like they copied a bunch of files
about the Brawlers past battles too!
What does that mean?
It means that someone used a remote computer
to access all of our files.
They've analyzed every move we've ever made
and now they know everything about us,
including our strategies
and even the names of our Bakugan!
I better go tell the others.
GRANDFATHER: This day certainly has been full of surprises...
You know I had no idea
Shun had so many wonderful friends
from all over the world.
Oh yeah we're global!
So tell me sir did you come to the city just to see Shun?
I always wanted to see the sights
so I dragged him out of his dojo
and he brought me here.
Sorry for bonking you on the nose sir
but I thought you were someone else.
Shun, I shouldn't have called you
all those mean things either.
Sorry dude.
DAN: Aw don't apologize!
None of that would have happened if Shun would have
told us what he was up to in the first place!
Sorry...
Oh it's not that big a deal.
That's right...
Everyone here is still your friend.
Well that's good to know.
This calls for a party!
Party time!
Hey guys!
Oh? Hi Marucho!
Hey, what's going on?
Nothing!
Did I hear somebody say something about a party?
Yeah you're just in time!
Let's party!
MARUCHO: We can take the car back to my house!
RUNO: We'll need some snacks!
DAN: Yeah I could go for some squid jiblets!
GRANDFATHER: I feel like I'm 85 again!
SHUN: You are 85!
RUNO: Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
I get a real shock
when I realize that I only have a few Bakugan left.
Most of them have been sent to the Doom Dimension
and I won't be able to sleep if I lose anymore.
I especially don't want to lose Tigrerra.
But I also can't back down from a battle
if it means I can take one of Masquerade's gang
out of the picture.
Tigrerra's tough like me,
but I'm not sure how we'd do
in a one on one battle against that creep.
There's only one way to find out!
Bakugan brawl!
See ya next time!